Create shop-monkey.md (#542)
cyclr/docs: Shop-Monkey-authentication.md

---

> title: Shop Monkey authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Shopmonkey authentication

```
I believe this is stylised as a single word.

sidebar: cyclr_sidebar
permalink: shop-monkey-connector
tags: [connector]
linkedpage: true
---
{::options parse_block_html="true" /}
<section class="card">

> ## Shop Monkey setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Shopmonkey setup

```
Single word.

### Get authentication details

> To authenticate your connector, you need a Public Key and a Private Key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authenticate your connector, you need the Public Key and a Private Key for your Shopmonkey account.

```
Specify that the keys are Shopmonkey keys.

### Get a Public Key and Private Key

> The keys can be obtained through this method:
> 
> - Login to Shopmonkey.
> - Go to Settings / API & Webhooks and enable the API
> - Select your user profile name in the upper-right and then select "Update Personal Info"
> - Collect both the Public and Private Keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the Public and Private Keys for your Shopmonkey account:

1. Log in to Shopmonkey.
2. Select **Settings > API & Webhooks**.
3. Set the **Enable API** toggle to `True`.
4. In the upper-right corner, select your user profile name.
5. Select **Update Personal Info**.
6. Make note of the **Public Key** and **Private Key**.

```
Bold UI elements, monospace values, change to numbered list if things have to be done in a specific order, slight reword.

> If you have any trouble obtaining a Public and Private key, follow this guide or contact your Shop Monkey account manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shopmonkey's guide on getting your Public and Private Keys is [here](https://www.shopmonkey.io/help/how-do-i-use-the-shopmonkey-api). If you have an issue getting your Public or Private Keys, contact your Shopmonkey account manager.

```
Reorder structure, add link to docs.

</section>

<section class="card">

## Cyclr setup

> To set up the Shop Monkey connector in Cyclr, go to your Cyclr console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the Shopmonkey connector in Cyclr, go to your Cyclr console:

```
Single word.

1. Go to **Connectors** > **Application Connector Library**.

> 2. Use the search box to find the Shop Monkey connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the search box to find the Shopmonkey connector.

```
Single word.

3. Select the **Setup Required** icon.

4. Enter the below values:

   | **Value**   | **Description**                            |
   | :---------- | :----------------------------------------- |

>    | Public Key  | The Public Key obtained from Shop Monkey.  |
>    | Private Key | The Private Key obtained from Shop Monkey. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Public Key  | The Public Key obtained from Shopmonkey.  |
   | Private Key | The Private Key obtained from Shopmonkey. |

```
Single word.

   
5. Select **Save Changes**.

> **Note**: If you leave any values blank, Cyclr asks for the value when you install the connector into an account. This means you can use different settings for different accounts.

### Account setup

> Cyclr asks you for the below values when you install the Shop Monkey connector into an account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cyclr asks you for the below values when you install the Shopmonkey connector into an account:

```
Single word.

| **Value**  | **Description**                                            |
| :--------- | :--------------------------------------------------------- |

> | URL        | The Base URL of your Shop Monkey integration to call from. |
> | APIVersion | The version of the Shop Monkey API being used.             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| URL        | The Base URL of your Shopmonkey integration to call from. |
| API Version | The version of the Shopmonkey API being used.             |

```
Single word, missing space.
